c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.exe.config
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.exe
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.pdb
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.Form1.resources
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.exe
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.pdb
c:\users\лёха\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.CnAddDialog.resources
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.exe.config
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.exe
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.pdb
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.exe
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\bin\Debug\GEK.pdb
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.CnAddDialog.resources
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Лёха\Desktop\prog2015\LYOSHINI LABI\GEK\GEK\obj\Debug\GEK.PrintSome.resources
